Hey, friend, welcome back.
Here we are at the bottom of this page, we're going to style this up here.
Make it look a little bit more like this.
Let's go in the code editor.
We're going to go down to the bottom where we finished off with our CSIS, and we're going to call this
new section in a comment.
The footer section creative.
I know.
And we're going to say Footer Dash.
And we got to find out what that class was.
So we're down to the bottom of your index on Schimel footer and then we have class footer call to action,
I believe.
Yeah.
So we're going to select this here.
Footer call to action.
So footer call to action.
Like, so we're going to style that up with padding
100 pixels on the top and bottom, zero on the left and right and the background, we're going to do
a gradient.
So it's a linear gradient and the format of writing that out and success is the degree like the angle
in which you want the the linear linear gradient to go.
So we're going to say, say, 100 degrees, you do like 100 one hundred six point two, three, whatever,
one +1, because that's fun and memorable degrees comma, then the color it's going to start with.
So the color starting with his f five zero zero five seven.
That might be a variable.
Let's check.
It is the color pink.
Perfect.
So what we're going to do is we can even get more creative.
And instead of hard coding and we'll say VAR Dash, Dash, color, dash pink and then we have to say
with no comma, the percent at which it's starting.
So this is starting at zero percent.
You know, you could say five percent, I believe, and it will start at five percent.
So zeros, it's starting at zero and then it's going to wear which color.
We're going to say Bebe six.
B.
D.
Nine space.
One hundred percent so that says at one hundred and one degree angle, we want the color pink starting
at zero percent to go to this color at 100 percent.
And let's let's see what that looks like.
Make sure to close that up.
So here we go.
You can see color pink too.
Kind of like a purple color over here.
Now let's just play with it just for fun.
I mean, this is what it should look like as the right background gradient, but just to show you how
this linear gradient works.
What if we change this to like 90 degrees?
Or what about 50 degrees, something more drastic than the current setup?
Well, that's hard to see there.
Let's try three, 350 degrees.
There you go, you can see that it's kind of swapped and it's a bit on an angle.
So let's put it back to 101.
And what if we said this was like 50 percent, what would that do?
You could see that it goes from zero to 50 percent the pink color.
So it starts the gradient starts at 50 percent to the next color.
So this whole section up to 50 percent is pink and then it starts to change.
So you can actually kind of play with that.
We're going to say zero, but what if you wanted to add an additional color stop?
It's called.
Well, you can say the color.
What if we chose VAR Dash, Dash, Color Green and we said 50 percent color stop put a comma there.
Now let's see that.
See if that worked.
So now we got our pink from zero, and then it starts to transition between zero and 50 percent to green.
So you can see this whole section is kind of like a full green.
And then from 50 to 100, it transitions into that purple.
So it looks like that.
And then if we changed the the gradient to like 200 degrees, you would see it's starting from up here
and moving down.
Or if we started it from zero degrees, it's a top to bottom gradient.
So you see how that works.
Maybe if we wanted to do like a Canadian flag style, you know, let's go like 90 degrees straight across
like that.
We say color red and then we just want to say white.
And then another color red.
One hundred percent safe and boom, we got like our Canadian flag.
Very cool.
In a gradient style, let's put it back to where it was.
We're going to keep it.
We're going to keep it kind of where we originally intended, so we're going to take that second color
swap out one hundred and one degrees, take the color green out to be six by nine, 100 percent should
look like that.
Very nice, but feel free when this is your site that you're designing for free to change.
The color of your favorite color is like sea green.
I don't even know if that's the color see green.
It is too like, I don't know, fuchsia.
OK, that's not a color.
Maybe I spelt it wrong.
There it is, fuchsia there, maybe that's your style.
But we're going to go with.
Color pink and baby baby six, BD nine.
Very nice.
And let's change the color of the text to make it a little more contrasted footer call to action and
Sub Dash title is the text in there.
It's going to be color, and we're going to make it have to see 9:04.
See what color is that?
That's that yellow actually.
Don't like that yellow.
We're going to we're going to standardize this yellow, this button.
We're going to standardize this.
We're going to find our button styles and do we have a yellow style established its right here primary.
So we're going to we're going to establish that as a color.
So instead of F to C nine, four C, we're going to change any instance of that to the VAR yellow that
I've already established and the variables.
So in my find and replace, search and replace, find, replace, whatever, we're going to change it
to VAR colour, dash yellow and replace all.
So that change the button primary and probably down to the bottom here.
The subtitle Color Yellow.
There we go.
That looks better now.
These are both the same color.
Very nice.
Now we're going to select Footer Dash, call to action, H2 color is going to be, let's say, after
after you have to.
Margin bottom.
16 pixels, or let's just do one REM.
Cool.
So it's off white.
I don't even think I care just white enough.
Then footer.
Call to action, P.
That's not P.
There we go.
Caller, let's go with white again.
Font size one RAM.
No, let's do 1.2 RAM.
Font weight, 500 line height.
Cool trick, if you're using Atom instead of typing out line height, you know, or font weight, just
do like the first letter of each word, and it tends to work so large and then tab line height, font
size, EF-S tab.
You know, now if you're doing something font style, half won't work that's secondary here or flex
shrink, you know, font stretch.
So you need to navigate through those with your arrow keys.
But you know, font size first tends to work.
Line height L.H..
We're going to say one point five and see if that looks good.
Yeah, it does.
Maybe we're going to make that kind of an off.
Let's go with.
E o e o e o or e zero zero zero.
It was an off white, they're kind of another trick you can do here instead of if you want it to be.
I didn't actually like this gray.
I actually sometimes like in my column cards like this the footer, instead of making it a gray, actually
make it white with some opacity.
So the trick there is simply just doing an arg gba.
Because then you can use the red green blue channel and alpha channel, and white is 255, 255 255.
And then the Alpha Channel like 0.5 that makes it like.
Half capacity.
Let's see what it looks like, and it kind of.
I mean, this is a little too light.
I mean, we will make it point seven.
That's better.
And what's neat about this is that I don't know if you were able to see it, if I really zoom in, but
because it's slightly opaque or has some of casity, it's see-through.
It kind of follows the background gradient from that pink to purple.
If I were to be more aggressive with this opacity, you can see that it's like a behind.
This is more pink and then it goes a little bit more purple over here.
And that's just kind of style I'm going for when I make that opacity in that paragraph of the call to
action card.
It just looks cool, and it's a pretty common convention these days, you know, with more modern websites
probably inspired by Apple, to be honest.
But yeah, there we go.
And now, if there's much left, we've got the button.
We're going to deal with the button.
So we've got Footer Dash call to action and beaten one the margin top to be like two RAM.
Let's see what that does.
More space perfect?
Then let's let that copyright in the bottom of the index of the footer, rather copyright.
And we're going to make that padding 50 pixels zero.
So top bottom 50 pixels, zero left, right and then copyright paragraph tag.
Color.
Let's do our job again and go black.
Zero zero zero zero and then zero point five.
And then margin bottom zero, let's see.
There you go.
I actually want to make that bold.
Let's go.
Font weight.
Bold or maybe 500, it's better.
And instead of point five, let's do like point two.
Very cool.
And in the index, H.M., if you want it actually to to do the proper copyright symbol, it's just the
ampersand copy semicolon space.
And then when you're in WordPress, you know you can use PHP to put a dynamic, you know, date.
A year.
Their copyright always looks up to date.
So there we go.
That looks good, that looks good.
Our index theme for our blog, our blog, this is looking really good.
Good work, see in the next one.